Moves HTTP/3 outside the experimental section (#9570)
containous/traefik: docs/content/routing/entrypoints.md

#### `http3`

`http3` enables HTTP/3 protocol on the entryPoint.
HTTP/3 requires a TCP entryPoint,
as HTTP/3 always starts as a TCP connection that then gets upgraded to UDP.
In most scenarios,
this entryPoint is the same as the one used for TLS traffic.

```yaml tab="File (YAML)"
entryPoints:
  name:
  http3: {}
```

```toml tab="File (TOML)"
[entryPoints.name.http3]
```

```bash tab="CLI"
--entrypoints.name.http3
```

??? info "HTTP/3 uses UDP+TLS"

>     As HTTP/3 uses UDP,
>     you can't have a TCP entryPoint with HTTP/3 on the same port as a UDP entryPoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    As HTTP/3 actually uses UDP, when traefik is configured with a TCP entryPoint on port N with HTTP/3 enabled,
    the underlying HTTP/3 server that is started automatically listens on UDP port N too. As a consequence,
    it means port N cannot be used by another UDP entryPoint.
```
